---
layout: post
title: This Week in Indigo 1
---
_This Week in Indigo is a series chronicling the development of Indigo, an experimental UI framework written in Rust_.

### Open Source
Indigo is now open source! You can [browse the repository](https://github.com/nc4rrillo/indigo) and run the examples. 
The code isn't in the best shape, there are a lot of rough edges, but have at it :).

### New properties
The following new properties were added this past week:
- Border Radius
  * This allows you to specify how much the corners of a primitive are rounded.
- Font Style
  * You can choose from italic or oblique styles for your fonts
- Font Weight
  * For now only Bold is supported. This will be expanded in the future.
- Text Decoration
  * For now only strike through is supported. This will be expanded in the future.

### New components
The following new components were added this past week:

- TextBox
  * The text box is pretty rough and supports a very crude form of text selection. It is a work in progress.
- CheckBox

### Everything else
- The code saw some pretty nice refactoring. Duplicated code in RSX was stripped out. The style merging code was simplified somewhat. The method signature for `default_style` and `resolved_style` was simplified. 
- Some bugs were fixed in layout around Margins and Padding. 
- Text layout was tweaked and integrated with the default layout system. 
- The `indigo_sample` project was moved into an `examples/` folder and more example applications were added.
- A Store was added to the Todo sample which manages state using reducers. It is a WIP.
- A simple form of property inheritance was added. 

### Next Week
- I'm working on a `WrapPanel` control which conceptually works like the `StackPanel` except it wraps content to the next line when it does not fit (depending on the `Orientation`) 
- I'd like to add stretch / tiling properties to image primitives
- Work on creating actionable GitHub issues for all of my TODO items.
- Continue to flesh out the Todo sample, going down whatever rabbit hole that may take me.
